docs: variables file changes (#3794)
kubeshop/testkube: docs/docs/articles/creating-tests.md

By default, there is a 10 second timeout limit on all requests on the client side, and a 1 GB body size limit on the server side. To update the timeout, use `--upload-timeout` with [Go-compatible duration formats](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration).

> ### Configuration files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Configuration Files
```

> Some of the executors offer the option so set a special file using the flag `--variables-file` on both test creation and test run. For the Postman executor this is expecting the environment file, for Maven it is `settings.xml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some of the executors offer the option to set a special file using the flag `--variables-file` on both test creation and test run. For the Postman executor, this expects an environment file, for Maven it is `settings.xml`.
```
